# Andor

I feel like I have so many things to say about this show but I suck at writing. This show (along with a couple movies) are the pieces of media that inspired me to start writing about my feelings following a show. I mean where do I even start? This is my favorite show of all-time. Take that with a grain of salt as I haven't really watched a ton of TV shows. 

Let's start with season one. I am so in love with the heist plot. The story of Lieutenant Gorn is short but meaningful. He fell in love with a local woman who was killed by the Empire. It isn't at all complicated, but it shows the cruelty of the Empire and their disdain for those that they see as below them. The tension that they build before the heist is great too. Every time a TIE fighter does a flyby, you can feel the *blank* in the rebel group. When the actual heist starts, what an incredible sequence. They disguise themselves as imperial troopers and sneak into the base with the aid of Gorn. It's all quiet until they enter the base with the commandant. Then it's go go go. I love Vel's line when she says, "One path. One choice. Either we win, or everyone dies." Very simple, but very powerful. Then the moment they open the vault and Cousin screams, "Let's go!" Love that. But my favorite part of the heist is the escape sequence. Nemik essentially becoming paralyzed and yet needed to provide the coordinates for the escape vector. The imagery as Andor and the crew escape through the Eye is just so beautiful. Even though we know that Andor has to make it to the events of Rogue One, it really feels like you have no idea whether or not they're going to make it out. Between the natural obstacles, the TIE fighters chasing after them, and Nemik's injury, nothing is certain. Just such an insanely well-written sequence and I am so in love with it.

The next Andor plot is just as good, if not better. The prison story is so good not only for the escape but the setup as well. We really see the cruelty of the Empire. First, they arrest Andor on what are basically fake charges and he's imprisoned for 6 years. Then, after you get into the prison, you learn that they extended the sentences of everyone in the prison after the heist of the Aldhani garrison, despite those in the prison obviously having nothing to do with that heist. Importantly, they all ask Andor if the people on the outside know about their sentences getting extended and he doesn't know. One of the pivotal moments of this plot is after Ulaf, the old man, dies while working and Andor and Kino Loy are told about the facility killing an entire floor of people after that floor learned that a prisoner that was supposed to be released had been sent back to the same facility after being released. It's really a mix of casual indifference and cruelty. Making the mistake to send the person back, but also covering up their mistake but just killing dozens of men. And then the prison break. What a powerful sequence. Kino Loy's speech is so powerful. To see the guards of the prison cowering in fear while the prisoners run rampant through the facility and escape is just so cool.

To end season one, we have Maarva's funeral. Maarva's speech is so powerful and it connects perfectly with Nemik's manifesto. Her speech is one of those random acts of insurrection fighting back against the unnatural control of the Empire. I can't really put into words how much I love both Nemik's manifesto and Maarva's speech. They're both just such excellent pieces of writing. I think one other thing that I like about Maarva's speech is the shot of Luthen as he hears the speech. It's almost this face of realization that the rebellion that he's been working solo (duo with Kleya) is finally sprouting. He goes to the funeral to kill Andor to but off any loose ends but he comes out knowing that Andor would never snitch on him and more importantly, I think he comes out knowing that even if he dies, the rebellion will live on after him. 
