# No Country For Old Men

This movie had me feeling a lot of things. A lot of different things. Pre Josh Brolin characters death, the tension created by the director captivated me. I especially like the purposeful lack of music during actions scenes. Those moments, when only surrounded by the sound of what is happening and not a loud score really forces you to focus on the scene in front of you. It puts you at unease. I felt like that lack of music made it much harder for me to predict the outcome of each confrontation between Chigurh and Moss, which made each confrontation that much more exciting. 

I feel like both actors in this movie really nailed their roles. I had read online that Bardem's portrayal of Chigurh is the most accurate portrayal of a psychopath in a movie ever. Now I don't exactly know the definition of a psychopath, but Chigurh is terrifying. Emotionless, but insistent. Persistent. As the movie continues you get this sense that Moss will never really escape, no matter how hard he tries. And at the end, when Chigurh shows up at the house of Moss' widow, you are confronted with the fact that he will not stop for anything that he wants. 

Brolin's character Llewelyn Moss was a character I liked a lot. Something about his stoic attitude, his understanding of what is to come after being found at the scene of the failed drug deal, and his tactics evading Chigurh were all really cool to me. I liked watching him overcome the obstacles in his path to stay alive, and his humanity as he goes back to the scene in an attempt to give water the man he had abandoned earlier. I was really surprised when he met his demise. All that work just to die due to a small slip up from the in-laws. 

The biggest thing I came away with from this movie was a sense of mortality. When Tommy Lee Jones' character talks to the man in the shack about his retirement as sheriff and when he talks to his wife about the dreams he had, all I could think about was my family. How our lives would progress, what it would be like when one of us died and how each of us would experience and process the grief that follows. That combined with the way the directors portrayed Moss' death offscreen put the fragility of life back into the forefront of my mind. It filled me with what I can only describe as a sense of emptiness that no other movie really has. 