# 6/18/25 (MIL 3 - 5 CUBS)

What else is there to say about PCA that hasn't been said? What an electric player. First the catch to end the inning. That catch was a 5% catch probability according to statcast by the way. Then, in the leadoff spot, a 452 foot home run off the top half of the video board. The longest home run at Wrigley this season and boy was that ball smoked. An absolute no doubter. At this point it's not what can he do, it's what can't he do. PCA currently stands at 4.3 WAR, which is second only to Aaron Judge (who is having one of the best offensive season on record). Among the NL, he beats out Skenes who has an impressive 4.0 and Ohtani who stands at 3.5. That puts PCA on pace to have a 9.5 WAR season. I firmly believe that PCA will be the NL MVP this year, which is crazy cause this kid is only 23 years old. 

Ben Brown had a solid outing last night. I saw the first inning and thought, "Nice, maybe we're in for one of those good Ben Brown outings." Then I saw the two run homer he gave and thought, "Damn, maybe it'll be one of those bad ones." Turned out alright. Those two runs were the only he would give up for the rest of the night. A pretty solid bullpen outing. I still have a question mark on Genesis Cabrera. He hasn't been used much and I'm just not sure he's at the caliber of player that he should remain on the team. I think when Hodge and Imanaga come back, DFAing Cabrera will be one of the moves that Jed makes to make space for those two players. Another question mark I have revolves around Eli Morgan. I'm not sure what the time table on his return is but according to some reporters he's throwing in live games down in the minors doing rehab assignments. In the beginning of the season, Morgan struggled and was definitely part of the reason we had such a shaky bullpen. How much of his struggle was due to the injury I couldn't tell. But I find it hard to make space on this team's bullpen to take a risk on Morgan no matter how good he has been in the past. Perhaps he will also be DFA'd when his time on the IL is up. I can't imagine that someone like him wouldn't be able to find another contract with another team though. 

Tonight's game is postponed. Sad. 