# 6/11/25

Great game from the cubbies last night. Loved seeing two home runs from Happ and a spectacular defensive play at third base from Shaw. I really think that Shaw is proving himself to be the third baseman for the future. Really great stuff from Swanson to get the home run off Abel. He had some quality at bats tonight and it showed in the score line. 

Colin Rea with a bit of a rough start, only throwing 4 1/3 innings and giving up 4 ERs, but a solid outing from the bullpen. Aside from the one hit given up by Brasier to let the Phillies score 2, nothing but solid work. Flexen continues to be scoreless in outings. Thielbar is locking it down. Pressly has been good aside from the one horrible outing he had against the Giants. 

Looking ahead at the trade deadline, we'll probably see Jed try to make some aggressive moves to acquire a starting pitcher with Steele out for the season and given that its been our weakest point as a team. Personally, I'm not sure who the Cubs should be looking at. A lot of speculation online has been at Sandy Alcantara of the Marlins.  I'm not sure that he's the best trade we could acquire. He has some rocky starts and could end up being a liability. More recently, Chris Sale's name has been thrown around if the Braves continue to lose. I think Sale could be a solid piece, but would probably cost the Cubs a lot of prospects. But I think it's win now, and Sale would definitely be a win now piece if the Braves would be willing to part with him.

Another question I have regarding the starting rotation is who goes down when Imanaga comes back. Currently, the rotation is Horton, Taillon, Boyd, Rea, Brown. I feel like the shakiest pitchers as of late have been Rea and Brown, but Brown is starting to pick himself back up. When Brown's stuff is working, he looks like an electric pitcher. The only question around Brown is can he consistently have his stuff work. In Rea's last 4 starts, he's given up 16 ERs. Horton has been really good out of AAA and probably deserves to have a spot, but it may be hard to argue that he keeps his spot given that he just has less experience than almost everyone else on this roster. Realistically though, I think what the Cubs will do is move Horton back down to AAA because it means that they won't have to designate anyone for assignment and, if we're being honest, Horton is only 23 and still can work on a couple things, including length during his starts.