# Some TV Shows

## The Bear Season 3

A lot of people I talk to say that this show has fallen off or that it's not very good anymore. I think I know why they say that. The Bear has definitely changed as a show over it's first four seasons. Season three was an indicator of the change that the team writing The Bear wanted to undergo, but season four was kind of a more solid definition. While seasons one and two were a kitchen show, seasons three and four have almost entirely moved beyond the scope of the kitchen. Rather, it would be more accurate to say that the writers are using the kitchen and the food as ways to examine relationships between people. A big focus of seasons three and four was Carmy's relationship (or lack thereof) and how she slowly comes back into his life. There is also Sydney's big underlying story line which is whether or not she will leave The Bear and work at another restaurant and the final episode which is entirely about Carmy leaving his own restaurant to focus on himself. I would even argue that the two best episodes of the season are the wedding episode and the final episode. These are also the episodes that emphasize the change in direction that has put off a lot of the viewers that I know.

Personally, I still think that the show is good. And I don't think that my friends are wrong. There has been a huge shift in what the show is compared to before. But that doesn't mean that the show is bad now. The acting is pretty incredible. When I was watching the wedding episode, I think the first thing that came to my mind honestly was that this was the Emmy's episode. Seeing the length and the topic, I just felt that this would be one of the episodes that the show submits for award considerations. As I kept watching, I was still thinking that, but I didn't seem to mind it as much as the episode went on. When the characters all get under the table with Cousin's daughter and start talking about the things that scare them, something about the moment just seems so heartfelt and real. It's a real testament to the writing and the acting. The same goes for the final episode. Just Sydney and Carmy yelling at each other, but in the yelling there's so much more. Passion, frustration, anger. When Richie and Sugar come in, they each add their own layer to the argument. And when a director uses no music in a scene and it's done well, the scene just feels more grounded, more real. You're grounded inside that moment with Carm and Sydney as they reveal their emotions to each other. To me, that's a well done episode.

Following the arc of the entire season was a bit less satisfying. They don't really resolve Sydney's issue in a satisfying way? She kind of just ghosts them. I feel like there were some story threads that got left dangling. I understand that they are leaving things open for another season, but I would like to see more things resolved within seasons. Overall, I would still say I enjoyed the show and I will watch season five when it comes out, but I hope that The Bear doesn't become one of those unending shows, because I feel like they need a more definitive end point so they can finally wrap everything up. 

## Murderbot

This show might have the corniest dialogue I have ever heard. However, even though my memory of the book is pretty faint, I do recall the book sounding pretty similar. It seems to be a pretty faithful adaptation. The fake TV shows within Murderbot are also kinda neat, just because they randomly have a ton of well known actors in them like John Cho and that guy from 30 Rock. I still don't really like the show, but at least the episodes were like 25ish minutes long. I might watch season two if they do it.

## Ironheart

I feel like it takes a lot for me to hate a show or a movie. A lot of people are done with Marvel, or at the very least a lot of people aren't as excited when new Marvel stuff comes out.

## Eyes of Wakanda

I have a couple of questions about this show. The main question is Why? Why did they make this show? I don't really understand the purpose of this show. Maybe it's supposed to more of a kid's show. This show kinda popped up out of nowhere when someone on my Twitter feed mentioned that it had been put on Disney+ one day. I mean I won't say it's a bad show. The animation style isn't my personal favorite, but it's not horrible. It felt silly at times that I was watching this, but I will admit that the final episode was kinda fun to watch. I would probably not recommend this show unless you were a child or had children to show it to/needed to occupy. 

