# 6/24/25 (STL 8-2 CUBS)

It's been a bit of a tough couple of days. Colin Rea and Ben Brown have both been struggling. The question is who gets cut from the starting rotation when Shota comes back from the IL this week on Thursday. In my opinion, it should be Ben Brown. I think there's two things they could do with Brown. They could option him to AAA and have him work on a third and maybe even a fourth pitch. When I watch Ben Brown, his stuff looks so electric, I really think his peak could make him a top level starting pitcher. A move to AAA would give him time to develop another pitch at a lower stake and really set him up for success in the future. The other thing that the Cubs could do is put him in the bullpen. He has two really good pitches which match up well with a bullpen role and I think he could excel in the bullpen. I'm personally not a huge fan of this move. I think the bullpen, though it isn't as strong recently as it was earlier in the season, is still doing very well and doesn't really need to be bolstered. Even though we're in a bit of a win now position with only one year left on Tucker's contract, we should always be building for the future. 

Colin Rea performed incredibly to start the season when Steele went down, but he's been struggling as of late. I think he can find it again and start to succeed, but in time, he'll most likely be the one to go once Jed acquires a starting pitcher. The name that has been thrown around the most is Sandy Alcantara. He's a former Cy Young winner who spent 2024 recovering from Tommy John's and is trying to get his stuff back to where it was in 2022. His stats this season haven't been great. His ERA is sitting at 6.69 with a 21% K rate and a 10% BB rate. Nothing stands out much on his Baseball Savant except for his fastball velo and his groundball rate. But I think that the Cubs pitching lab has done some pretty incredible work. If you look at Flexen, Keller, and Pomeranz, these guys we're basically bums that are now performing incredibly well with the Cubs. Bums might be too harsh. Alcantara has a lot to work with. He's 6'5 and he throws an average fastball at 97 mph. That in and of itself is a threat. Looking at his pitch usage, the Cubs will probably try to get him to throw his four seamer more frequently, which will get his offspeed pitches to be more effective. 

Jed has already said that he wants to be aggressive in acquiring pitching talent this season, so it's possible we'll even see a move in the next couple of weeks before the All-Star break. I hope it does happen because with Steele out, I think any help to our starting rotation will be great. I only wonder what the trade off will be. 