# 6/16/25 (PIT 2-3 Cubs in 10)

A nice walkoff win led by great pitching. Colin Rea gave up 2 runs early and I thought we would be in for another of his rocky starts as of late. But he cleaned it up well and was efficient in this outing after the first. I also wanna talk about the situation in the bottom of the ninth where Counsell chose not to pinch hit Tucker for Turner. Some people online think this was a bad move but I think it was the right move. In that situation, the Cubs had men on 2nd and 3rd. With Tucker up, the Pirates are just gonna walk him every single time. Then we're left with Reese McGuire up to bat with 2 outs. I mean, let's be clear. Reese McGuire is a good player and has been solid when we've needed him after the Amaya injury, but the best hitter he is not. Instead, in the 10th, Counsell is able to have Brujan pinch run for Turner and he has Tucker pinch hit for McGuire. The Pirates then do exactly what they would have done in the ninth and walk Tucker to put men on first and second. With a right handed batter up to the plate, the Cubs are able to put up a double steal, putting men on second and third with no outs and the top of the order on deck. I mean, this is almost the best situation you could ask for in extra innings. I can't imagine a better one for any team. And at the end, Happ walks it off for the Cubs. I think its the right move for Counsell to make, and I think it means that Counsell has a lot of faith in his bullpen, which he should. I think the stat line that was shown on broadcast was that every since Pressly's one horrendous outing, the Cubs bullpen has a sub .90 ERA. That is such an insane stat. If I remember correctly, the next best team's bullpen had an ERA of over 2. The Cubs bullpen has been lights out and it has shown. I think this was really a great decision by Counsell to put the team in the best position to win and also show the team that he has faith in them to put up a win at the end of the day. 

The one thing I really want to talk about is the Rafael Devers trade. What the fuck is that. I literally had to check to see if it was the real Jeff Passan. Then I had to check to see if Jeff Passan was hacked. Then I had to check his source and see if it was real. I mean I could not believe it. Devers is a top 10, probably top 5 hitter in the game right now. Jordan Hicks has a -0.9 WAR and a 6.47 ERA. They optioned Kyle Harrison to AAA. So essentially they got one big leaguer who isn't even good and three "prospects", although admittedly, Kyle Harrison is basically depth for their pitching staff. It just feels like such a horrible move for the Red Sox, to get rid of an incredible player that they have been building around for four pieces that aren't very good to be frank. But let's look at this from the Red Sox perspective. The Red Sox have had a good number of issues this year, but I would argue their biggest issue has been starting pitching. With this move, they get two that their pitching lab could potential fix. Even though Jordan Hicks has horrible stats, he has velocity and I believe he is fixable. There is potential incredible return if the Red Sox pitching staff can do good work on him. But that will come in time. The other thing that is beneficial for the Red Sox about this trade is that the Giants eat the entirety of Devers' remaining contract. A pretty large sum of 250 million dollars over a pretty good number of years. There is also the drama of Devers to consider. First, that Devers was not happy that the Red Sox had signed a Gold Glove third baseman to replace him and have him move to a permanent DH position. Then, asking Devers to move to first and him essentially not agreeing to do it. I think frankly, the Red Sox organization just wanted to get rid of Devers after all that had occurred throughout this year. I think both teams are getting what they want out of this trade. The Giants need a big bat to supplement the line up urgently and put them in a place to win it all. The Red Sox want to get rid of Devers, his contract, and get more options at starting pitching. But the Red Sox don't have very much leeway from the fanbase to make a trade like this after they traded away Mookie Betts and Xander Bogaerts, two pieces of their World Series winning team away. I still think this is just such an insane trade. The Giants will play the Red Sox later this week. I think that will be a fun series. 

Man the NL is way too stacked at this point man. Last year, the AL Central records were a little inflated because they got to play the worst team in all of baseball so many times. Now, the NL West gets to play what will become the worst team in all of baseball in the Rockies, but they are actually good teams that deserve to have good records. The NL playoffs are shaping up to be Cubs, Mets, Phillies, Dodgers, Padres, Giants. And now the Cubs are gonna have to deal with a Giants team that has great pitching and Rafael Devers. It's so fucked up man. 

Another thing I want to talk about is the Dodgers. Specifically, their pitching coaching and the likes. News came out yesterday that Roki Sasaki is likely going to be shut down for the season. This is a team that has like twenty pitchers on the IL already, as they did last year. Clearly, something is wrong with how the Dodgers are treating their pitchers when it comes to sustainability and health. For Sasaki's case, this is a dude that has been throwing 100 for years in Japan. Is it possible that this was just an injury that was going to happen sooner or later? Yeah, its possible. But given the number of Dodgers starting pitching that is already on the IL, it feels more likely that the Dodgers are just completely destroying pitching arms.